jumping out of the helicopter oh no you
Bund out by this let me tell you
something how to do this he got dared
I'm like will you're talking about
jumping out of an airplane what have we
done
that's Jada Pinkett Smith on Jimmy
freakin Fallon telling him how she feels
about her husband accepting our
challenge to him not in a million years
did we ever think that posting a video
on YouTube challenging one of the
biggest movie stars in the world would
actually get his attention so here's the
full story of how this idea went from
literally being a dream to finally
meeting the Fresh Prince in person
[Music]
alright so on December 19th Will Smith
launched his YouTube channel and we
thought it was one of the best things
that happened to the platform in a while
Will has been one of our biggest role
models and now all of a sudden he's a
fellow creator on YouTube after watching
a bunch of his videos one night together
Ammar woke up early the next day from a
dream involving will and proposed an
idea
Garrett hermia this is gonna sound crazy
but what if we challenge the Will Smith
to heli bungy through the stories that
he was starting to share on social media
it's sounding like Will was on a quest
to complete his bucket list and overcome
the things that scared him the most and
in one second you realize that it's the
most blissful experience of your life
lesson for me was on the other side of
your maximum fear or all of the best
things in life so we saw that as a sign
for us to take the bold route and
challenge him and eight days later over
25,000 of you guys have left comments on
his channel letting him know and then
this happened
I swear
Boyd do you see me Maritain what man
hear me out what if we challenge Will
Smith to heli bungee what the hell is
heli bungees we need to run a simulation
it can be done
at this point in time we honestly just
didn't really know what to do with
ourselves
none of it felt real we met with this
team a few weeks later to talk about the
next steps and not the office we did
this all right so if you're wondering
how the stunt never happened this is why
[Music]
we wanted an epic excuse to meet him in
person so we went all out well or should
I call you
Fresh Prince we took something from you
as ice your gold play button when you
were so happy to receive but I guess my
Godfather performance did not really
grab his attention now we'll get
planning to spend the summer in Europe
making videos when his team told us
we'll we'll be shooting a movie in
Budapest over the summer we thought oh
and after three weeks in Budapest a
meeting was finally scheduled although
as you'll quickly see our excitement was
short-lived it looks like it's happening
all right it's been system we've had two
months to mentally prepare to the
moments where we meet this man I know
what I'll say
[Music]
a surreal be very sad if we walk up and
then actually don't get to meet him
after too much gotta get through I will
break into the don't waive today's
happening I'm not beat again I will
tackle insecurity I got a little bit
kind of bad news so it was canceled
flight we're trying to make it happen
just what's the best corner to roll up
in a crying little this quarter actually
right here that's the designated I'll
see you guys in the corner we were
supposed to meet him during the big
events happening but it got canceled
last minute and so was our meeting have
you seen Will Smith anywhere no no
looking for him
a few days after that however we got
notified that another meeting with will
was scheduled to happen and luckily it
was during our final weekend in Budapest
we were given the time and place and
then the craziest coincidence happened
tomorrow we posted the first episode of
their film together and tomorrow is also
the baby meet Will Smith and hit too
many subscribers that's a big day that's
the convergence of a lot of class
it blows our minds it is literally
exactly what he says in those interviews
and he hates the word realistic we've
almost followed back to the dot and holy
it's actually worked because he says yes
he proved it to us true
all these people watching us I love that
100 visit reasons like just decide
decide what it is you're gonna be and
how you're gonna be it just decide then
the universe just gets out of your way
it's like what let's it's just the focus
what did we want to be what did you want
to represent and it just led us here
it's been awesome
hi baby it hurt
[Music]
gotta look fresh for The Fresh Prince
snake in America
watch your step you might fall trying to
[Music]
boys we're going have you got the goods
this is the moment we've been waiting
waiting for for three months and it's
finally happening such mixes like
emotions right now I'm like you tried to
channel anxiety into excitement and Omar
I've never seen more of this fight
that's how he channels his energy he's
like preserving it for the moment
walking up the total room we're gonna
meet him right now hi this don't
describe to me extremely nervous and
excited it's more gratitude than any
other feeling
[Music]
of course my pleasure guys
I'm ready I'm ready you guys survived
doctors always important stuff that is
specific for the logo that's like it was
that's like a cool logo seek discomfort
discomfort we have a friend who his name
is Michael and he painted these shoes
for you I made him listen to the clip of
big city inspired this whole jump the
best things in life on the other side of
beer thank you
I think we won't be friends
the first-ever two piece is great for
our fully lined seamless comfort willing
to seek discomfort that's real they
stole my play button but I was working
on a movie so I didn't have a chance to
respond today three years ago we had
just about a week first video the same
day and it's the craziest thing to be
just standing from you right now and I
want to support that as much as possible
I think that messaging is really
spectacular specifically for this this
next generation this next generation is
more connected than human beings have
ever been ever so I'm really enjoying
you're pushing the messaging of harmony
and pounding the messaging of living
life fully you know you're like the bad
that so should we do is missing yo so
much good I mean if somebody put up a
mean that was really funny he said Will
Smith is like man's Beyonce
got to work I mean are we doing this so
hold on which one which one cuz what we
make sure of which one of the cameras is
actually rollin I so because I'm you
know I'm in Budapest cuz I'm working on
my film and I'm now down to the last
three weeks but I'm here with my yes
theory squad I don't know they
challenged me to bungee jump out of a
helicopter so on September 25th which is
my birthday on September 25th we have
just gotten the official okay because
you can't just bungee jump over the
Grand Canyon it's like Navajo territory
so we just got official clearance three
days ago and we'll be bungee jumping on
my birthday over to frame
[Applause]
[Music]
what
this is a big one it's the big fireball
so we're going for we got our big yes
theory big will it's all
[Music]
[Applause]